>> Kyle Simpson: At the beginning of this
unit, I mentioned that we were gonna use
arrays, lists as a way to
illustrate a lot of these concepts.
And we have, we've used a lot of arrays.
We've done a bunch of
that in the exercise.
But we really want to generalize
everything that we've been talking about
to the idea of any collection
to any data structure.
So we're gonna now take those
same ideas of map, filter, and
reduce, and, in fact,
indeed even something like a transducing.
We wanna take map, filter, and reduce.
And we wanna think about
them at the bigger level,
which would be at the data structure
level or at the more general level.
So if I had an object, like obj here
at the top, and I wanted to map
over that object and do something, in this
case, make all of the values lowercase.
Then I can define a map object function,
which is similar to the map
that we know that works with arrays,
but this one works with objects.
And this one loops over all
of the keys in an object.
And it calls some mapper function.
In this case, that mapper function
makes everything to lowercase.
So thinking about mapping as an operation
where we are essentially lifting
a value or adapt.
I'm sorry, lifting an operation or
adapting an operation across all of
the values in a container, right?
So it could be an array.
It could be an object like here,
where we're just doing the keys.
It could be a binary tree.
You can imagine doing a map across all
of the leaf nodes in a binary tree, for
example.
So any sort of data structure,
as long as we can create a mapper for it,
we can adapt that operation to work
across the entire set of those values.
So imagine in your mind, what would filter
and reduce look like in an object sense?